# Komshat: UP Visayas ComSci Weekly Hackathons

**Komshat** is a platform developed specifically for organizing weekly hackathons tailored for UP Visayas Computer Science students. The unique aspect of these hackathons is that each week's theme is generated using artificial intelligence (AI), ensuring fresh and innovative challenges for participants.

## Features

- **AI-Generated Themes**: Themes for each week's hackathon are automatically generated by AI, providing diverse and engaging prompts for participants.
  
- **Autonomous Platform**: The platform operates with minimal administrative supervision, enabling seamless participation and project submissions.

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js, Tailwind CSS, `shadcn/ui` components.
- **Backend**: Firebase Cloud Functions, Firestore for database operations.
- **Authentication**: Firebase Authentication for secure user management.
- **Storage**: Firebase Storage for managing project uploads.
- **AI Integration**: OpenAI for theme generation.

## Contributing

Contributions to **Komshat** are encouraged! If you have ideas for enhancements, feature requests, or bug fixes:
1. Fork the repository.
2. Clone the forked repository to your local machine.
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ezerssss/komshat.git
   ```
3. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature-name
   ```
4. Make changes, commit, and push to your branch:
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "[Your Name][Feature] Description"
   git push origin feature-name
   ```
5. Open a pull request to merge your changes into the main repository.

## Issues

If you encounter any bugs or have suggestions for improvement, please [submit an issue](https://github.com/ezerssss/komshat/issues). Your feedback is valuable in enhancing the platform.

Happy hacking! 👾🤖
